OK let's talk about ways to getting free press coverage strategy here.
Let's be brutally honest here.
Bloggers will probably not want to write a review for your app since that's all they do.
And if your game or app isn't unique you have a better shot at winning the lottery.
So here's a way around all this.
Just come right out and ask if it would be OK to guest post.
Instead therefore you would write a guest article with your link to your website or AppStore you are
l.
This way you're getting free traffic and downloads this way.
Now please make sure this blog is involving your apps niche.
Obviously you want the content of your guest article to be similar or relevant to the blogging question
that's important.
You should keep posting on several of these high ranking or high page ranking blogs once a month should
be fine.
This will help with your SBO as well.
Stay away from the low traffic or the low page rank blogs as they will wind up hurting your page rank.
This one isn't for everybody but I thought I would throw it in any way you can receive free press coverage
by speaking at events.
Many do this but I know many don't like speaking in front of strangers.
Next strategy tip would be to contact just a medium size bloggers and app review sites and stay away
from the big ones as they will not be as hungry as the medium sized ones.
Now once you get a medium sized publication or blogger or app reviewers site to do a piece on you then
contact the smaller app reviews sites and bloggers as they will be more eager to do a piece on you as
you refer them to your medium size posted review article.
Does that make sense.
Lastly you want to come up with at least four or five email subject lines and test them out on your
friends and family first before you start to split.
Test them to see which one gets the higher open rate.
That's important.
Also see lecture 2 0 3 on which two words you must use in your email subject line to help increase your
open rates here.
OK I'll see you in the next lecture.